hi guys welcome back today I'm doing
another outfit of the day for you today
is going to be such a hot day than
predicting it's going to get 200 degrees
and I must say it already feels like
it's hundred degrees it's eleven o'clock
in the afternoon and boy whoa it is hot
so I decided to wear just a simple
outfit today I did my hair simple pretty
much my makeup simple everything's
pretty darn simple because I know it's
gonna be a sweaty one it waits for my
hair I just let it air dry and then I
lightly went over it with a flat iron as
you can see it's not perfect I've got
kinks I'm really not too worried about
it because with my hair when it's this
hot not only does my sweat but also the
humidity in the hair just causes my hair
to get a little bit frizzy and kind of
wavy and kinky so I'm not too worried
about it and then I didn't want to deal
with some like dangly earrings touching
my sweaty Nick so I'm wearing these
studs I picked up last week at stein
mart i absolutely love them i think
there were fourteen dollars and i just
like the size you could definitely see
them but they're not too big to wear it
looked like I'm trying to be all like
gangsta do you know look at my diamonds
ya know anyways and then I am wearing
this cuff I got this years ago at Ross
but you can get something very similar
to this I like TJ Maxx Marshalls Ross
forever 21 I really like it because it
doesn't really move and it doesn't make
too much noise cuz i hate cuffs there's
like clink clink clink clink clink it's
kind of annoying so it's way too much
information about this kid anyways and
then I'm wearing this black dress I
think this black dress is perfect for a
day like today it's just comfortable
it's nice it's definitely spring cuz it
has a little bit of movement and also
have the pockets but it can go right
into the night I'll not only because
it's black but also could slightly fit
in so I absolutely love this dress I
just saw it like last week or the week
before at both marshals and TJ maxx so
if you see it I definitely recommend
picking it up I've seen it in orange
green black and I think red and I just
absolutely love it so like I said if you
see this dress that any of those stores
i highly recommend picking it up and
then ready for and then
shoes today i'm wearing these shoes
they're baile charlotte russe and i just
think they go well with the outfit
they're actually quite comfortable for
as high as they are and i just think
they're so cute what can I say as for my
purse today I have no idea what I'm
gonna carry it I don't know like i said
it's hot I don't really feel like
lugging around a big bag so I'll
probably just end up using a clutch or
just who knows stuff into my bra I have
no idea even for my sent today i'm
wearing docked by marc jacobs i
absolutely love this sad for me to a
very summer spring kind of scent i want
to say it's the perfect summer spring
scent because it needs more coconut in
it for me but it is a very very nice set
so I do recommend if you're ever in a
store that carries this give it a sniff
because it is delicious anyways that is
my outfit for today I hope you guys
enjoy this and i'll see you all my next
video